the patient is over these fighters are
in tremendous physical condition the
mountain Warriors Shane Cameron is it
his coming out party is at the end of
the era for David Tour that's what this
fights all about it is the fight of the
century
round one sketch of a 12 the champion
decked out and white the challenge in
david tour in black trunks
so far Shane is doing what most people
fuck boxes on the outside
his Chrysler
Damon Jackson off again
that was another
David hasn't landed a punch yet Shane's
roid hangs a little bit lows go to get
it up high because the lift cookies the
whippin for David to her look for that
David is very worked up a great sweat so
he's ready to go but he's a very cool
customer here in the early going
he's a he's not panicking he's not
pushing the fight there's the left hook
let me inside he's got such a great
Chinese walking up he's taking the fight
to shine which we expected but there
he's gonna win see where there's a
fourth
it caught him in he caught his attention
but remember Shane when he first started
out training in the same camp with David
in this part again
he knows this Paul can t hold up against
the polit as the left hand again which
phrases across the eyes of Shane Cameron
Shane faints throws his left hook which
is past the nose of David double jab
right hand sails over the head of David
the two manator they call him now as the
left hand you know he's landed the left
hook three times Vandemark Joe
Shane has already felt the power you can
see a little whelp coming up by the
right eye too is very methodical just
throwing good good precise punches he's
giving away some four inches in height
to this guy
he's four kilograms heavier but he's at
the lightest weight that he's been in
the years
David Tours lost some twenty 60
kilograms so he's in great physical
condition with his fight there is no
tomorrow for David or Shane Cameron it's
the opportunity of a lifetime
David faints shows nice head movement
what makes it hard for Shane to hit him
coming in
this is the left hook by him again
notice Bruce McTavish stays bang he's
one of the very best referees in the
world
shame to the
is 20 down too quick
he can't story
Kitana should you
David - ISM it's going to be
five six and seven
he's got the anti princes hair toe
he's called time on crus McTavish's go
time oh he was the very end of the round
I'm not sure what you call Domo
shaved down twice in the first round so
it didn't take long
a lot of the questions have already been
answered the power of joy is still there
and Shane won't last long with them he
can't recover those are big shots that
was a nut gap before it was over there
was no spark by Kennedy's
that's the first book in the second look
any imports warnings on his lease
that's the first ones do
he's done he didn't
you see this picking up there he gets
him while he's on the floor cross okay
on the floor on the floor he does
pretenders call timeout at the very tail
end of the round I don't know why but he
did hit him down twice in the court
minute just one of occasion Sigma
couscous goes wild in the court of thing
the fight was over
this is the data to that we all fools
come the fight Lennox Lewis where was he
big difference in these skills of Shane
and Lennox Jane's eyes of both puffy and
now let's see if David can keep the
pressure on he knows what he can do
Shane backing off immediately trying to
jab
knockout victory and shade is hope that
shows you David joy is
my god that was devastating but mr.
Godkin
he's a friend of mine who attends
human hunts me
punches
Shane took at least seven or eight clean
balls MacTavish of course didn't want to
stop it too quickly you know I'm not
going to take the judgment away from the
referee in this particular case I don't
know what went on with the two punches
when he was on his knee a little bit of
controversy in there but there's no
question there was academic David tore
pummel this guy and did what he has to
do to jump back on the scene that's a
brilliant knockout victory for David Tua
that's devastating look I'm focusing
office Leigh how many students is
different but if that coiler guy came
out against the leaks Ruth who knows who
could have happened
he was corny easy get early going of the
fight and I mean he just really
devastated his David on this then you
know now that shows the sportsmanship of
the two guys whenever he's hit the Dan
and what a gentleman David to is my
heart goes out the shame because I know
how hard he worked to get ready to this
fight is a wonderful guy guy raised
within shadows of but Rocky Mountain
Wario might have been from the mountains
but he wasn't the warrior tonight it
wasn't his night David tools